Spring MVC will be acting as the front controller.
Request will be dispatch in our own controller.
We can define the prefix of the URL: Prefix=	And 	Suffix=
Themes can also be design.
For app-ctx the spring provide context loader listener 

UserController->Feedcontroler->serviceLayer->Repository

What is dependency injection?
what is bean autowiring?
which implementation of application context gives us control to shutdown container?
select correct code snippet for injecting values for setter or constructor injection?
which of the following annotation are used in life cycle spring framework
in spring application spring context are by default what?
what is diapatcher servlet
what is the role context loader listner
code snippet for view resolver in spring MVC?
Does hibernate support dependency injection?
code snippet for instantiating session 
what is deafult loaction for hibernate cfg- class path.
jsp life cycle method?
which of the following directive are used for import in jsp?
implicit objects in jsp? 9 objects
difference between getParameter and getAttribute?
directive in servlet jsp?
which of the following container service allows for lookuo services?
what is the annotation for composite keys?
fetch stratagies in hibernate? 
which strategy fire only single query to grab parent and child record?
which xml attribute is responsible to save update delete on parent child graph in database-> cascade
which of the foll default mode of loading child elements in hibernate?
Code snippet on hibernate cfg file?
dialect role in hibernate cfg?
correct code snippet for mapping file in hbm.
what time servlet init method is called?
all the possible to redirect from on page to another page in jsp.
Initialisation parameter 
different scope in servlet and jsp?
spring configuration can be return in? multiple choice question
which of the following is not the stereo type of the component?
which method transaction method aware?
Lazy Loading, Eager Loading
which of the following is directive entry for error page in jsp.
A servlet is child of ---------?
which of the foll is correct annotaion for servlet?
which http method ends session.
Idetify the hql query?
correct annotation for request mapping?
what does auto wired annotation does?
madatory anntation for making hibernate entity.
correct syntax for importing external javascript.
where and funtion in javascript are........?
which loop manages cursor implicitly?
which parameter type acts as a constant?
nested group funtion?
which statement helps invoking database stored procedure in jdbc?
join query. identifying the join
code snippet on cursor printing row count before fetch and after fetch?
which one is synchronized collection?
what can be done for sorting custom objects in tree set?
